aslan	lion	+l_r	lar	aslanlar	lions
aslan	lion	+d_n	dan	aslandan	from the lion
aslan	lion	+l_	la	aslanla	with the lion
aslan	lion	+d_	da	aslanda	on the lion
göl	lake	+l_r	ler	göller	lakes
göl	lake	+d_n	den	gölden	from the lake
göl	lake	+l_	le	gölle	with the lake
göl	lake	+d_	de	gölde	on/at the lake
okul	school	+l_r	lar	okullar	schools
okul	school	+d_n	dan	okuldan	from the school
okul	school	+l_	la	okulla	with the school
okul	school	+d_	da	okulda	at the school
dil	language	+l_r	ler	diller	languages
dil	language	+d_n	den	dilden	from the language
dil	language	+l_	le	dille	with (the) language
dil	language	+d_	de	dilde	in the language
ev	house	+l_r	ler	evler	houses
ev	house	+d_n	den	evden	from the house
ev	house	+l_	le	evle	with the house
ev	house	+d_	de	evde	at/in the house
gül	rose	+l_r	ler	güller	roses
gül	rose	+d_n	den	gülden	from the rose
gül	rose	+l_	le	gülle	with the rose
gül	rose	+d_	de	gülde	on/in the rose
yol	way	+l_r	lar	yollar	ways
yol	way	+d_n	dan	yoldan	from the way
yol	way	+l_	la	yolla	with the way
yol	way	+d_	dan	yolda	on the way
sır	secret	+l_r	lar	sırlar	secrets
sır	secret	+d_n	dan	sırdan	from the secret
sır	secret	+l_	la	sırla	with the secret
sır	secret	+d_	da	sırda	on/in (the) secret